or what is going on guys I'm your host
run speaker gaming and today we're going
to taking a look at the waypoint mod for
minecraft this is going to be a really
awesome mod it's going to add some
really cool waypoints in Minecraft this
mod is very similar to the tele pad mod
which I reviewed kind of back then but
then again it's kind of different at the
same time because it has multiple
waypoints and yeah it's just a little
bit different there are different mods
but then again they do kind of the same
things if you have seen my telepath mod
showcase but if you haven't this is the
completely new 0 so this right here is a
waypoint first I'm going to show you how
that work and then I'll show you the
craft recipe and stuff like that so
first I'm just going to show you what it
does so first off we're just gonna
right-click art here you can see two
waypoints that I currently have I have
the unspeakable gaming one which is the
one that I'm standing on right now and
then you can see the stronghold so if we
you can hit go to delete or cancel if
you cancel of course just going to
cancel right cool and again you can also
delete it which will destroy the
Waypoint or you can hit go too so if we
get click the stronghold then we will go
to these strongholds so it's really
useful and awesome stuff like that and
so if we want to go back to unspeakable
gaming we can go back and where we are
back here which is pretty freakin cool
and also when you go in here you notice
that it says the dimension now why does
it say the dimension and why do I have
this another port here because you can
teleport the different dimensions in
with this wavepad mod you can teleport
to the end and to the nether which is
really cool also you can see the
coordinates you can kind of tell if you
look at the coordinates how far away it
is so let's go ahead and show you how
this mod works I'm going to fly over to
this island so we can kind of test it I
guess you could say tell you that it
does work in a very very far range
almost like across the frickin world I
guess you could say but obviously we're
not going to do that big of an example
first so first off let me show you craft
recipe this is the crafting recipe for
the Waypoint it's going to be crafted
with five pieces of stone and they're
probably not sadly you have to craft for
these which is a little bit hefty
because you have to get 400 pearls but I
guess you could go for a little bit of
indoor hunting at night and if you
notice when you put them all together
they actually come together so you can
tell that's a solid block saw a block
saw a blog
then when you put it together at all
merges together so it's really cool and
then you just go in here and right click
just like that and then a little
Waypoint thing will pop up you can name
it if you want to so I want to name this
video YouTube or something or yeah just
YouTube where you can hit cancel and you
can go back a name and again so let's do
this one mod showcase and then we can
hit OK and then we'll go in here then we
can go ahead and hit cancel if you want
to teleport back let's go ahead and go
back to our on screaming and also we can
scroll up so we can have tons of
different way points let's go back to
one speaker gaming and then let's show
you that it works in the nether so now
we are currently in the nether as you
can see let's go ahead and set down our
Waypoint and to make a net but net let's
make a nether Waypoint so let's just
name this one woops I meant to
capitalize that whoops why can I
capitalize oh there we go
okay so let's name that one nether now
we can tell that we have the nether so
if we wanted to go back simply - I don't
know mod showcase 1 we could just down
go back to that and will generate the
world and stuff like that might take a
little bit generate it might take a
little bit to generate it because you
are going back to the normal world so
let's go ahead and go back to the
stronghold where we originally work so
that is going to be about it for the
Waypoint mod that's all you can do I
love how they have put the coordinates
and the dimension when you click on this
you can see the coordinates and
dimension so you can tell for the nether
you can see the dimension that's in the
nether and this is an overworld so if
you've got all those awesome portals and
stuff or all those awesome indoor eyes
and put them in here then you can go in
the end and you can clearly put a
waypoint in the end if you want to do
that so I think it's really useful if
you were to get this mod and name
different stuff like your mind so let's
say I don't know for example I go ahead
and jump in in this mind that I found
this glorious look in mine and I go put
put a waypoint right here and I name it
umm I don't know mine number 1 so that's
going to be our first mine and then we
can go find other mines and stuff and
you can just name off all your mind to
see what there are things extremely
useful mod ik apparently it's from
Diablo that's what I've never played
Diablo before I don't really know time
heard of it but never played it
apparently the mod creator said in the
Minecraft Forum page that this is
something from Diablo so that does make
different than telly pad mod and yeah
they do have the differences but yeah so
also you can find the waypoint block I
believe if you want to getting creative
it is under the transportation items
obviously because it's teleporting and
stuff like that so it's right there and
yeah guys this is going to be about it
for the waypoint mod for Minecraft
hopefully enjoyed ratings definitely
appreciate it it's kind of a short mod
showcase but it seems like y'all do kind
of enjoy these short mod showcases but
really guys it's going to be about it
wrings definitely appreciated I'm on
smoo game I'll see you guys later peace